in this video let us learn how get the
highest priority element from Priority Queue
As we already knew that after every insertion operation the
highest priority element will come to the top
That is the element with highest priority will be present
at index zero
So finding highest priority element is very simple
First check Whether heap is empty or not if it
is empty we can just return minus one
Otherwise the highest priority element will be present at index
Zero
So we can return heap of zero
That's it so let us quickly implement it let us create a
function named get highest priority which takes only one argument
That is a reference to vector
This function will return an integer value so write
it's written type as int first we need to find
the heap size so write int size equal to heap
dot size
If it is zero the heap is empty
In this case we need to return minus one
So write if size is equal to zero written minus
one otherwise the highest priority element will be present at
index zero
So in the end we can just return it so
write written heap of zero
That's it in the next video we will learn how
to implement the Delete highest priority operation in priority Queue.